OCPBUGS-18522: removes ovn-kubernetes-master from 4.13 (#65373)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-list-resources.adoc

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                       READY   STATUS    RESTARTS        AGE
pod/ovnkube-master-2qnbv   6/6     Running   0               19m

> pod/ovnkube-master-kqmnv   6/6     Running   1 (11m ago)     19m

Reviewer: why are these bits changing? we are showing an output with more restarts :P just make them 0 restarts or do we really care about pod names on docs?

pod/ovnkube-master-rbrds   6/6     Running   0               19m
pod/ovnkube-node-7xlcc     5/5     Running   1 (8m25s ago)   9m14s
pod/ovnkube-node-7xshp     5/5     Running   1 (9m28s ago)   10m
pod/ovnkube-node-cwrmk     5/5     Running   1 (18m ago)     19m
pod/ovnkube-node-dxnlt     5/5     Running   1 (18m ago)     19m
pod/ovnkube-node-jcdh6     5/5     Running   1 (8m50s ago)   9m33s
pod/ovnkube-node-xrml8     5/5     Running   1 (18m ago)     19m

NAME                            TYPE        CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)             AGE
service/ovn-kubernetes-master   ClusterIP   None         <none>        9102/TCP            19m
service/ovn-kubernetes-node     ClusterIP   None         <none>        9103/TCP,9105/TCP   19m

> service/ovnkube-db              ClusterIP   None         <none>        9641/TCP,9642/TCP   19m

Reviewer: only AGE is different here?

NAME                            DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR                                                 AGE
daemonset.apps/ovnkube-master   3         3         3       3            3           beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux,node-role.kubernetes.io/master=   19m
daemonset.apps/ovnkube-node     6         6         6       6            6           beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux                                   19m

NAME                              ENDPOINTS                                               AGE

> endpoints/ovn-kubernetes-master   10.0.0.3:9102,10.0.0.4:9102,10.0.0.5:9102               19m

Reviewer: I fail to understand why the outputs here are being changed.

Author: Changing back

daemonset.apps/ovnkube-node     6         6         6       6            6           beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux                                   19m

NAME                              ENDPOINTS                                                        AGE
endpoints/ovn-kubernetes-master   10.0.132.11:9102,10.0.151.18:9102,10.0.192.45:9102               57m
endpoints/ovn-kubernetes-node     10.0.132.11:9105,10.0.143.72:9105,10.0.151.18:9105 + 7 more...   57m
endpoints/ovnkube-db              10.0.132.11:9642,10.0.151.18:9642,10.0.192.45:9642 + 3 more...   57m
NAME                              ENDPOINTS                                               AGE
endpoints/ovn-kubernetes-master   10.0.0.3:9102,10.0.0.4:9102,10.0.0.5:9102               19m
endpoints/ovn-kubernetes-node     10.0.0.3:9105,10.0.0.4:9105,10.0.0.5:9105 + 9 more...   19m
endpoints/ovnkube-db              10.0.0.3:9642,10.0.0.4:9642,10.0.0.5:9642 + 3 more...   19m

NAME                                 DATA   AGE
configmap/control-plane-status       1      55m
configmap/kube-root-ca.crt           1      57m
configmap/openshift-service-ca.crt   1      57m
configmap/ovn-ca                     1      57m

> configmap/ovn-kubernetes-master      0      55m

Reviewer: so far in this change, only this line has really changed :)

ovn-controller ovn-acl-logging kube-rbac-proxy kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics ovnkube-node
----
+
The `ovnkube-node` pod has a container (`ovn-controller`) that resides on each {product-title} node. Each node’s `ovn-controller` connects the OVN northbound to the OVN southbound database to learn about the OVN configuration. The `ovn-controller` connects southbound to `ovs-vswitchd` as an OpenFlow controller, for control over network traffic, and to the local `ovsdb-server` to allow it to monitor and control Open vSwitch configuration.

> . List the OVN-Kubernetes elected leader by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: @tssurya Does this stmt seems ok to you? Or we need something like kubernetes elected OVN leader?

rest lgtm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. List the current OVN-Kubernetes master leader pod by running the following command:
```
